Update links to use new domain (#2013)
arviz-devs/arviz: doc/source/contributing/index.md

* [Submitting issues](https://github.com/arviz-devs/arviz/issues/new/choose) related to bugs or desired enhancements. Check the details at {doc}`issue_reports`.
* Fixing outstanding [issues](https://github.com/arviz-devs/arviz/issues) (bugs) with the existing codebase. They range from low-level software bugs to higher-level design problems.

> * Contributing or improving the [documentation](https://python.arviz.org/) (`docs`) or examples (`arviz/examples`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Contributing or improving the {ref}`documentation <homepage>` (`docs`) or examples (`arviz/examples`).
```
